[Bulk] Validation - Missing descriptions (#1461)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/winforms/event-handlers-overview-windows-forms.md

---
title: "Event Handlers Overview"

> description: Learn about and get an overview of event handlers that execute code within the event handlers when an event is raised. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about the standard Windows Forms event handler format, including which parameters are passed to the handlers.
```
